you
well well here we are
it is now 706 you have exactly eight
hours and 54 minutes to think about why
you are here
any questions yeah it's Barry Manilow
know that you raid his wardrobe a brain
cheek baffle be poke a beauty I'm not
gonna discuss my private life put the
screen up Chuck we're tight I wear the
required uniform hi
shut up a rebel doing it to get a rise
out of him
just ignore him you can ignore me if you
try and a recluse
maniac any parents aware this I've gotta
spend a little more time trying to do
size yourself Canton on a little less
tired respite this time might be better
off 90
and run
being bad feels pretty good
you see us as you want in the simplest
terms most
Sincerely Yours
forgot my pencil twisting my stomach
into knots
you